Inspection team member ONID-IDS: jiajun, alarifim, morriluk 

Inspection code: alarifim's dominion.c code

I am leading the inspection for alarifim.

Part1: deciding what tests to run
1. Since I found a bug in coin adding of card minion, I suggested to use the minion card
test on his dominon.c to see if we can find the same bug.
2. Morriluk found a bug in the scoreFor unit test for garden, he suggested to use the 
unit test to test alarifim's dominion.c
3. Alarifim found a bug in card adventurer when running his adventurer card test, he 
suggested us to run the test again and try to fix the bug.
4. Alarifim suggested that we use his complete dominion because it failed 35% of the 
time, there might be a bug in his test file. 

Part2: running the tests
We run the tests and all the tests compiled and run successfully.

Part3: analysis the results

1. Coin adding bug
We run my test on alarigim's dominion.c file, the same bug is found and the add coin 
is not working correctly. I suggested to look at the dominion.c file in the minion
card funcion: for the coin adding, the line is state->coin = state->coin + 2. We 
believed the bug is here.

2. DeckCcount bug for scoreFor
We run morriluk's scoreFor unit test and the test failed. We looked at the source code 
and we believed the line with gardens is the bug.  Also the look for score from deck might 
be wrong becasue it uses discardCount.

3. Adventurer card draws two cards instead of two treature cards
In alarifim's adventurer random tester, the test shows the program failed becasue the 
card effect did not draw 2 treature cards but 2 normal cards.

4. Alarifim's dominion complete test
We run the test and it failed 35% of the time. We believed there is a bug in his test code
because the ratio is too high. We looked at the code and located the bug at the line with 
1/3 change have empty deck. Because if the deckCount is zero, the test is going to fail.

Part4: trying to fix bugs and more discussion

1. Coin adding: We changed his 'states->coin = states->coin + 2' into '*bonus += 2' and 
the test passed. 
We had more discussion about this bug, because other card 

